Now let's say hypothetically I was the impostor. How would I get from reactor to medbay in that timespan, from which we saw each other, till you found yellow dead. Also if I were the impostor hypothetically speaking, how would I have finished all my tasks.
Among us reds.
It's important to note that Reds commit nearly 52% of all the murders in Among Us, which is astounding when you take into consideration the fact that they make up 12-13% of the population.
t gets even more astounding when you start considering the fact the bulk of Reds committing these murders are probably ages 8-18 which is probably around an estimated 6-7% of the population that means that around 7% of Among Us Players are committing around 50% of the murders.
Among us in a nutshell.
get friend.
gift friend game.
play game.
argue for 2 minutes on why you're not imposter.
you're imposter.
lose friend.
get other friend.
11/10.
Among us is great, my favourite part is.
The game is great. My favorite part is YOU DISCONECTED FROM THE SERVER.
RELIABLE PACKET 1 (size=13) WAS NOT ACK'D AFTER 7505MS (9 RESENDS).
haha 10/10.
HOLY SHIT DID YOU JUST SAY THE WORD SUS.
Among us society.
Me (M 9) screamed "dead body reported" at my aunts funeral.
My mom said that my aunt died and that we are going to her funeral the next morning.
As soon as she left the room crying I busted put laughing because it reminded me of among us a popular video game.
So as we were riding in the car I was thinking about saying "dead body reported" at the funeral.
When we finnaly arived I screamed "dead body reported" everyone was looking me like if some sort of a weirdo.
Then I remembered that my grandfather's sister fell in the vents and died when she was 2 years old.
So I said grandpa's sister sus she vented.
My grandfather started crying and everyone was screaming at me instead of laughing.
My mom took my x box and said that I am going to therapist tomorow. Idk my mom is acting kinda sus.
Among us musical.
When you play here, among us!.
[EMERGENCY MEETING].
Test your IQ!.
We've got a lobby waiting for you.
Scheming, streaming.
What do we do?.
Who's the imposter? Maybe it's you.
[TAMBOURINE].
What did you see when the body was found?.
Toast acting sus with no one around.
I was in coms, I was with AOC.
Oh, don't you dare marinate me!.
I don't like the sound of that.
Time to eject!
Unanimous vote:
Dr DisRespect!
I fucking hate among us.
I can't fucking take it. I see an image of a random object posted and then I see it, I fucking see it. "Oh that looks kinda like the among us guy" it started as.
That's funny, that's a cool reference. But I kept going, I'd see a fridge that looked like among us,.
I'd see an animated bag of chips that looked like among us, I'd see a hat that looked like among us.
And every time I'd burst into an insane, breath deprived laugh staring at the image as the words AMOGUS ran through my head.
It's torment, psychological torture, I am being conditioned to laugh maniacly any time I see an oval on a red object.
I can't fucking live like this. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't! And don't get me fucking started on the words!.
I'll never hear the word suspicious again without thinking of among us. Someone does something bad and I can't say anything other than "sus.".
I could watch a man murder everyone I love and all I would be able to say is "red sus" and laugh like a fucking insane person. And the word "among" is ruined.
The phrase "among us" is ruined. I can't live anymore. Among us has destroyed my fucking life. I want to eject myself from this plane of existence. MAKE IT STOP!.
Among us Red sus but with emojis.
Oh so you're the imposter? Name every vent.
If you're playing Among Us. On a voice call.
So uh. If you're playing Among Us. On a voice call. And you're killed. why would you NOT immediately tell everyone who killed you?
Isn't the goal to win if you're crew? Like if you're not gonna tell people on the voice call, why keep doing tasks?
What's the point of using the voice comms at all? You're still in it when "dead". To me if a fucking person doesn't use it when they're dead they're throwing.
I'd 100% tell my team who killed me if I was killed. The point is for the crew to find out who the impostor is.
If you're part of the crew, you should be telling them if you know. If you're not going to do that, you're literally int'ing and throwing. So then why bother doing tasks if you don't want to win? End discussion.
STOP WITH THE AMONG US PAREIDOLIA.
STOP I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE I CANT TAKE THIS PAIN ANYMORE PLEASE STOP POSTING THOSE PICS IM GOING INSANE STOP MY BRAIN IS MALFUNCTIONING STOP IT JUST STOP I SWEAR IF I SEE ANOTHER PIC I WILL COMMIT SUS JUST STOP MESSING WITH ME I CANT SLEEP BECAUSE WHEREVER I GO I SEE HIS FACE HES FOLLOWING ME EVERYWHERE IM SCARED SO STOP.
Help me I am suffering AMOGUD XD, my wife left me and she took the kids HOLY FUCKING SHIT IS THAT AN AMONGUS REFERENCE! I lost my job and I am addicted to meth SUSUSUSUSUSUSUSUS, I am lost and my parents think that I am a dissapointment AMOGUS, help me please, this thing, AMOGUS It won't me leave me, AMOGUS XD SUSUSUS, IT WONT LEAVE ME HELP ME I AM IN ETERNAL SUFFERING. Transformation complete, time to eject everyone out of existence.
I can't fucking believe this. Pink from 'Among Us' ruined my marriage.
A couple months ago, my wife said she was going out for a ladies' night.
She asked me to take care of my son, so I immediately obliged. "Yes Ma'am," I told her.
After a while of waiting, she finally left and I could play my favourite game, Among Us. I hopped on my laptop, booted it up and my desktop loaded, complete with the 'Red Sus' background and all my Among Us Impostor fan-art. I was shaking in excitement. I slowly dragged my finger across the track pad, and watched the cursor as it glided over to the Among Us icon.
Among Us. My absolute favourite game of all time and quite possibly the best and most well-made game in the entire world.
As I clicked the button my body twitched with joy at the thought of being the impostor again. My fingers drummed impatiently on my desk as the Innersloth logo faded in, and then out. Then the main title appeared. I immediately looked at pink as she slowly floated across the screen.
Oh, how I wish I could feel those luscious, soft asscheeks. Pink is my queen.
The real woman in my life. My wife could never be as sexy as Pink is; her soft footfalls in electrical as I peek at her curvy form from inside a vent, waiting for the right time to strike.
I could never get close to Pink, however, as if she had some kind of sixth sense, she would always leave before I could reveal myself to her as the impostor.
I press Practice, to warm up my fingers before my first intense game of Among Us. I hit Blue in Comms, then cross the hall and vent to Specimen, murdering Green in cold blood.
The thrill of killing an animated character in an online game has never been such a rush.
I then move towards Reactor, stabbing Yellow in the back and then running down the corridor to the right to access Decontamination. I move quietly through the halls, like a snake about to strike its prey, and I see- Oh no. It's Pink. Standing there motionlessly as I face her directly.
Her visor shows no emotion. But she knows. I can feel it in the air.
I can't kill her. She is too beautiful, too angelic, the light reflecting off of her pink bodysuit, like stars on a voided sky. She doesn't run. I am moved to tears as I caress the screen, kissing it tenderly. "Goodbye, Pink. See you soon. It will all be okay," I whisper in a soft, reassuring voice.
Then as my cursor hovers over the kill button, I hesitate.
Thoughts of love go through my head. Red having reddish-pink sus children with Pink.
But I have to. As the impostor, it is my duty to kill. I press the 'Kill' button and watch as my character beheads Pink silently.
All I hear is the spurt of blood. There is no rush. There is only Red, standing by himself in Fuel.
Pink's lifeless body laying on the floor beside him.
I feel nothing at first, then immense sadness, like I'm at a loved one's funeral. My son knocks on the door, interrupting my brief moment of mourning.
He asks, "Dad? Are you going to make me a snack?" I tell him to shut up, and my voice cracks.
I break down sobbing. I killed her. I killed my one true love.
God, forgive me. I open the door to my son, and he has a confused look on his face.
I say nothing, and walk to the kitchen to make him a sandwich.
Tears roll off my face into the bread as I lay it onto the counter
Lettuce, cheese and meat, followed by a sad swirl of mustard on top. My son is quiet.
He sits on the couch, and stares at the floor. There is a depressing air around us.
I serve him the sandwich and walk back to my room, contemplating life.
If I killed Pink, how am I to be trusted around my family?
I cry for hours, and finally my wife comes back. She sees me bawling on the bed like a child who dropped his ice cream.
She then asks me why I'm crying and mutter, "I killed her. I killed my only love, Pink, in Among Us."
She is filled with rage and slaps me across my face.
I feel numb. She asks for a divorce. I don't reply. Instead, I take my laptop and get into my car, driving to a nearby hotel.
Fast forward a few months to the divorce. It was quick and painless. After court, I ask my former wife to take me back.
Number one. Steady hand. One day, Kim Jong Un need new heart. I do operation. But mistake! Kim Jong Un die! SSD very mad! I hide fishing boat, come to America. No English, no food, no money. Darryl give me job. Now I have house, American car and new woman. Darryl save life.
My big secret. I kill Kim Jong Un on purpose. I good surgeon. The best!.
Today when I walked into my economics class I saw something I dread every time I close my eyes. Someone had brought their new gaming laptop to class.
The Forklift he used to bring it was still running idle at the back. I started sweating as I sat down and gazed over at the 700lb beast that was his laptop.
He had already reinforced his desk with steel support beams and was in the process of finding an outlet for a power cable thicker than
I start shaking. I keep telling myself I'm going to be alright and that there's nothing to worry about. He somehow finds a fucking outlet.
Tears are running down my cheeks as I send my last texts to my family saying I love them. The teacher starts the lecture, and the student turns his laptop on.
The colored lights on his RGB Backlit keyboard flare to life like a nuclear flash, and a deep humming fills my ears and shakes my very soul.
The entire city power grid goes dark. The classroom begins to shake as the massive fans begin to spin. In mere seconds my world has gone from vibrant life, to a dark, earth shattering void where my body is getting torn apart by the 150mph gale force winds and the 500 decibel groan of the cooling fans. As my body finally surrenders, I weep, as my school and my city go under. I fucking hate gaming laptops.
EDIT: OH ME GOOSH DIDNT EXPECT SO MUCH LOVE THANK YOUU.
EDIT 2: WOAH SILVER HOLY RHIS IS TAKING OFF THANK YOU.
EDIT 3: GOLD!?!?!? YALLS TOO NICE.
EDIT 4: THANK YOU KIND STRANGERS.
EDIT 5: OMG RIP MY INBOX.
If you shit in the sink at exactly 4:20 am and yell "amogus" 69 times,a shadowy figured called mom will come to beat you up and you will wake up in a place called the orphanage.
(Im only six so pardon my grammar).
Ive had a nasty cough for the past few days, so I went to the doctor to see if it was Corona. He said "its not corona" Woohoo! But then, he said "You have every type of cancer and you will die in three (3) days. I thought I should say goodbye to my reddit family before I go.
TLDR: I will die in three (3) days.
Edit: Thanks for the Gold kind stranger!.
Edit: Thanks for the Gold kind stranger!.
Edit: Thanks for the Gold kind stranger!.
Jeff Bezos has 121 BILLION dollars. The population of earth is 7 billion people. He could give every person 1 BILLION dollars and end poverty, and he would still have 114 billion dollars left over but he wond do it. This is what capitalist greed looks like!.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills.
I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces.
You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words.
You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid.
I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands.
Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit.
If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it.
You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
Nobody:.
Literally nobody:
Not a single soul:
Not a single solitary soul in this entire world, sentient or not:
Not even bugs:
Not even animals:
Not even plants:
Not even microorganisms:
Not even trump:
Not even obama:
Not even george w. Bush:
Not even bill clinton:
Not even jimmy carter:
Not even kanye west:
Not even drake:
Not even eminem:
Not even oprah:
Not even kim kardashian:
Not even pewdiepie:
Not even markiplier:
Not even jacksepticeye:
Not even papa john:
Not even phil swift:
Not even elon musk:
Not even shigeru miyamoto:
Not even masahiro sakurai:
Not even reggie fils-aimé:
Not even doug bowser:
Not even bill trinen
Not even phil spencer:.
Not even john romero:
Not even john carmack:
Not even tom hall:
Not even sandy peerson:
Not even jesus christ:
Not even god himself:
You: "haha ha! im so funi becuz i added nobody!!!1!1!!1!1!1!1!!".
Steve Harvey: "We asked 100 people, what is the male reproductive organ?" Contestant: "The penis"
"A WUH. HUH??" audience erupts into laughter
Steve Harvey grabs onto podium to support himself laughter gets even louder SH: O lordy.
One man goes into cardiac arrest and many others begin vomiting profusely from laughing too hard SH: YOU PEOPLE NEED HELP the Earth shatters and Satan rises from the underworld to claim unworthy souls the universe begins rapidly closing in on itself.
SH: (putting on a weary voice) Survey says.
the board shows 100 for "penis" Harvey is able to get off one more shocked look before existence as we know it comes to an end.
I just punched a hole in my wall. I'm in tears. I'm not joking i'm actually freaking out right now. I feel like this is the angriest i've been in my life.
I'm praying right now that this last year is a dream i'll wake up from.
Bro Hitler wasn't even alive 65 million years ago. Do you have brain damage lol.
Electricity wasn't even discoverd in the dinosaur era so how could videogames be playable?.
Hitler was born in 1889. No, you are misguided, Satan has corrupted your mind, where your mind is easily changed.
If you have anything that isn't Photoshop pls send me. But I guess y'all to scared to send me it. It's ok. Your revolution will fail. Because it's hardly getting noticed. It's ok, you can go cry yourself to sleep with your "girlfriend". You don't even go to church.
How could you because of covid-19? I feel like you are lying about everything in this subreddit.
Not like you aren't I know that this is fake but still, you aren't like what's the word. Intimidating, your downvoter mean nothing. You sit on a throne of lies. And you can do nothing to say otherwise. You are nothing, are gonna become nothing and idk why I am even arguing with you tbh.
You have zero proof. Zero respect.
And nobody cares about you. Just delete your life.
I am a concerned mother with a 13 year old child and I am here to seek help regarding my son.
Last week when we went to the supermarket, my son pointed to a red trash can and started jumping around screaming
"THAT’S AMONG US! THAT TRASH CAN IS SUS! RED IS THE IMPOSTOR!" .
As soon as he did that, the manager told us to leave. I told him that my son is just excited about something, and apologised.
But the manager still told us to leave so I picked up the red trash can that my son was going crazy over and threw it on the managers head. 
Then my son shouted "DEAD BODY REPORTED." Can someone please tell me what on earth is wrong with him?
The thing I really like about Planes is that we learn that WWII happened in the Cars universe.
Which means there was a Cars Hitler, a Cars Pacific War, a Cars D-Day, a Cars nuking of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, a Cars Battle of Iwo Jima...
This leads to so many important questions, like: were the Cars Little Boy and Fat Man nukes sentient?
Was it a suicide mission? Are ALL Cars nuclear weapons sentient? Did Tsar Bomba have a personality?
hat kind of car was Car Hitler? A VW? A forklift?
Was there a Cars 9/11? Were the planes hijacked, or were the planes themselves radicalized? I could go on
Edit: I just realized a Cars 9/11 gives a whole new layer of meaning to the phrase "let's roll"
That's enough of that level. MAMMA MIA, I GOT FUCKING KILLED...said Mario as he walked outside.
And the player says "Did Mario SWEAR? Did I...Did I just hear that from the video?" That's my creepypasta, Mario says the fuck word. I wish that was a creepypasta.
One night, I was playing Super Mario 64, AND HE SAID A NAUGHTY WORD. While travelling THE END through the Dire Dire Docks, upon my usual business.
Mario turned his head in a 40 degree angle and said "Shh....FUCK"
Then my mother comes into the room and says "ARE YOU SWEARING?" I said "IT WAS MAAARIO, NOT MEE"
My moth..oh my god..my mother grabbed me by the ear and she threw me into the bathroom and, SHE THREW ME INTO THE GAME, she fed me more hair, SHE THREW ME INTO THE BATHROOM I WENT "OOOH FFFFF" She jumped on my face, she did the ground pound, she...she swung me around by the hair and said "so long, gay bowser" THIS IS A VERY SPOOKY STORY.
That night, I decided to revisit the old Dire Dire Docks for further inspection. This time, Mario pivoted his face towards the camera and said
And he shook it! My mother...ran in, bellows "you will never to how funny that was"
Chris shook his head in a really funny way. My mother ran in holding the Mario manual AND SAID NOT YOU AGAIN she started belting me across the mouth with it.
Then she started cutting the whapping of my fingers with it. She m..grabbed my lip and starte-MY FINGERS BECAME LONGER. She grabbed my lip and said "If you ever act like that no good Wario again, I'll pull off-
I SAID "IT'S MMMAAAARIO, MOOOM" she was a fake gamer girl the whole time. That's when my father mm...bre...mm...ran in.
I FORGOT THE PATTERN And Yoshi the dino ff borg Hey why WHAAAAAAAAAAOW, I'm dead WARIO smacked me in the face. I GUESS I FORGOT THE PATTERN.
What's the pattern? I got him KILLED HOW ARE YOU SUP- the pattern HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED to know the pattern the first time you play.
WE NEED AN ENDING TO THIS CREEPY PASTA oh uhh uhh, he...like THIS IS THE THIRD NIGHT
THIS IS WHEN IT GETS CRAZY that's true FINE UH MY DEAD GIRLFRIEND WAS IN THE VIDEOGAME and said "you have to save me or something" okay.
I tried but she fuckin..g..go..I ha...I ha-AND THEN EVERYONE PROBABLY STOPPED READING THIS BECAUSE I AI..I KINDOF RUINED IT BY THROWING THAT IN.
And the...it made Mario s...I hit the it-it made the swear word retract back into his mouth THAT'S SCARY RIGHT EVERYBODY MY DEAD GIRLFRIEND TALKED TO ME THROUGH THE VIDEO GAME THAT'S A GOOD ENDING Is that an actual story? That was how the Godzilla one ended or something I think
mood backwards is doom
doom is a video game
video games are played by teens and adults
adults include alex jones
alex jones breaks open government secrets
the government turns the frogs gay
frogs are a symbol of trump
the symbol is called pepe
pepe is a italian band from the 80s
mammals include bats
bats are similar in appearance to birds
birds don't exist other things that don't exist is australia
australia has slow internet connection
comcast has slow internet connection
comcast = moodGuys I really wanted to believe that Virginia Western was not the cesspool of morons all my fellow biology faculty told me it would be.
Unfortunately your finals, which I purposely made as easy as humanly possible, tanked harder than a Kardashian marriage.
I personally apologise for expecting the bare minimum from you as students.
If you look at your grade book you will notice that you all have gotten a 50 point grade bump as 'extra credit' and no this was not because any of you deserved it but it was infact so I don't get my ass fired when the dean asks me 'hey why the fuck did 50% of your class fail an introductory biology class' to whom
I will reply 'hmm I don't know maybe its because these klingons are 18 years old and still giggle every time I say the term 'phagocytosis'. I'd like to add that in fact one of you got a 5/100 on this exam for which I salute you. Considering this was 100% multiple choice and the statistical probability of you missing more than 90% GUESSING
is actually higher than your chances of getting laid, which for this student would be an act of God
(please stay out of the gene pool you know who you are). I could have actually taken a shit on the scantron, wiped it off on the grass
and I am pretty certain my feces could have picked up more correct answers than you deliberately bubbled in. So congratulations, on making me lose faith in the public school system, and in humanity.
But Mr. Trump wouldn’t that make you GAY?!
NO, THIS CAN'T BE
NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well boys we did it, racism is no more.
Hello Skipper.
Mr. Obama what are you doing here?
I came to thank you for your great service to this country.
No Thanks necessary Mr. Obama.
As a token of my gratitude, I’d like to give you the N word pass.
Mr. Obama it is an honor to call you
I know what you’re thinking, this is some kind of funny joke, but no.
Stuart is a piece of shit. A damn rat got picked over actual children at an orphanage and he’s supposed to be a hero?
And I can’t even tell you how many damn times I’ve seen a great parking space only to turn the corner and realise
Stuart Little is already parked there in his stupid little fucking convertible. He took my wife and the kids and my house and my job
I swear to fucking god, I’m going to kill myself and take that goddamn rodent to hell with me.
has ruined my family. Last summer, I approached the miserable mouse in the street, and asked him for his autograph, because my son is a huge fan.
The fucking rat gave me the autograph and told me to burn in hell. Later, when I gave my son the autograph he started crying and said he hated me.
Turns out the mousefucker didnt write his autograph, no, he wrote "you’re a piece of shit". I’m now divorced, and planning a huge class-action lawsuit against the white devil that ruined my life. Your time is almost over, Stuart. All the people you’ve wronged will rise against you.
*jaw drops to floor, eyes pop out of sockets accompanied by trumpets, heart beats out of chest, awooga awooga sound effect
pulls chain on train whistle that has appeared next to head as steam blows out, slams fists on table, rattling any plates, bowls or silverware
whistles loudly, fireworks shoot from top of head, pants loudly as tongue hangs out of mouth
wipes comically large bead of sweat from forehead, clears throat, straightens tie, combs hair*
Ahem, you look very lovely.
Greetings, today, I would like to present an exceedingly excellent "Your Mother" joke, I will now begin:
Your biological mother is so morbidly obese, when she had to get her yearly physical done, the doctor took her blood and the results concluded that she had a high blood pressure on said Type 2 Diabetes
hypertension, and the possibility of heart disease. She also suffers from severe depression, because she lacks confidence in her physical appearance which enables her to consume even more food, making her more obese.
. Not to mention but your mother is becoming so monstrous she had a hard time fitting through small spaces and exceeding weight limits on practical applications.
Your mother has a cycle of malicious eating habits only make her health worse and over time.
I hope who ever just watched this video humorous "Your Mother" joke. Have a blessed day.
r/dankmemes user detected...
Beep boop bop beep...
Preparing to engage...
Choosing weapon...
Emoji selected...
Say your prayers
This happened a few days ago. I was looking at fanart of Dream in class.
The kid sitting next to me looked over at my computer and then made some insensitive comment about how Dream cheated (obvious Nazi propaganda) and that his videos suck.
I was livid. I was shaking, too - he doesn't have the right to speak about Dreamsexuality like this.
I figured I should follow the advice given to me on this sub before, which is that you should always defend yourself if a Dreamphobe is harassing you.
I turn to him and give him a punch to his face (I was only using a bit of power to teach him a lesson).
A bunch of people turn around and the entire class was looking at us.
I'm a regular John from city Kansas. I love burgers, soda and my native country very much, but I do not understand our government.
Everyone says America is a great country, and I look around and see who else is a great China. China has a very strong government and economy.
Chinese resident is a great man. And the greatest leader Xi.
Thick hair, strong grip, jade rod!
We would have such a leader instead of sleeping in negotiations, rare hair, soft pickle, bad memory old Beadon. Punch!
I don’t think I need to explain more. Even when used ironically I want to die.
If anyone near me uses that word the first thing I’ll want to do is take them to the top floor of a nice hotel and throw them out of the window
"ok and?" and? and what? what the fuck do you want me to say?
i already got my point across to your brain and here you are acting like a smug smartass in a miserable way to be funny and trying to win an argument against me cause you won't accept fair criticism
This is the Central Intelligentsia of the Chinese Communist Party.
(-15 Social Credits)
If you not hesitate, more Social Credits ( - Social Credits )will be discounted from your profile, resulting in the lowering of ration supplies.
You'll also be sent into a re-education camp in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Zone.
Glory to the PRC!
Do not fucking talk trash to me like this. You are garbage at Geometry Dash, do you fully understand how fucking shit you are the game?
You're sitting there and you're smashing your keyboard at me trying to beat the first level, the first fucking level.
I want this to become very clear to you - I have beaten every single level in Geometry Dash, and I have collected all 3 of the secret coins.
Can you even COMPREHEND my level of skill in Geometry Dash?
You have no idea how pissed I am. Nobody has any idea how pissed I am. I think a mother who’s been distanced from her kid for years and just found out he’s been calling another woman “mother” wouldn’t understand my anger and heartbreak.
I’m at a loss of words. When I saw the words “Mario: Chris Pratt”, I vomited so much that I couldn’t get high anymore, all of the edibles were out of me.
Then I vomited up blood and had to go to the hospital, where I didn’t understand a single word because I’m stuck in Czechia.
I broke my Pickle Rick pipe that I bought with me. It’s the 20th anniversary of my family her going missing.
I tried to astral project to fight Chris Pratt in the astral realm, but I couldn’t find him. I don’t think he has the soul to even fight.
If he did, I could beat him. I took on Astral Yaoi Ronald Reagan, after all, I’m so mad, so fucking mad. It all hurts, it hurts so much.
I’m traumatised, I have PTSD. Weed isn’t even helping me calm down. I don’t feel like I’m stable enough for harder drugs.
This flat has ketamine and all sorts if harder drugs, but if I do any of them, I feel like I’ll black out and do horrible things to myself and others.
I feel like I’m on the verge of a blood rage. If I wasn’t spiritually strong, I would’ve gone into a full blood rage.
I’m starting a journal dedicating to manifesting bad energy towards Chris Pratt. I’m trying to send him psychic attacks and it keeps getting blocked.
I think he has a consciousness shield of some kind. I’m so mad. I’m so fucking mad.
You will be sentenced to hard labor for 20 years.
Hello everyone, concerned Christian Father here. Recently my 11 year old son downloaded the video game Fortnite after playing it at a friend’s house.
While I didn’t mind it at first, it soon began affect his character. Within a week he had taken up semi-pro Fortnite dancing competitions.
When asked to do his homework, he called me a “default” and did a strange pose with his arms extended outwards. His grades have been dropping heavily ever since that day and when I confront him about it he threatens to “one pump” me.
He refuses to eat his favourite foods anymore and constantly demands a “chug jug”. Now he has dyed his hair the colour blue as a way to “promote” his idol “Ninja” and refers to me and my wife as “little craps”.
I try to get him to go to bible studies now but he just tells me to jump out of the “battle bus” without a glider.
Please help.
i was in the astral realm trolling the antichrist when allah appeared pissed as fuck and attemped to hurt me becuase i had hexed him.
i tried to fight back but he was really fucking strong.
I just wrapped up a session of breaking the spirits of two little girls in super smash brothers.
Their father tried to avenge them and failed, their mother frowned with disdain and perhaps disappointment.
I recall similar experiences, like when my 7 year old cousin thought he could defeat me, a 25 year old man at the time, in a wrestling match.
Kid thought he was John Cena when he entered the ring with me, but he soon learned that he had a long way to go before he became the greatest.
Children need to be humbled in the presence of real ultimate power, not coddled and patronized.
Children need to learn that you can't be good at something by just trying it once without any practice or dedication.
I live in a generation of people who want instant gratification and are instantly discouraged from trying new things when they aren't immediately good at them. Nobody is.
That's an important lesson to learn while growing up.
Sodium, atomic number 11, was first isolated by Humphry Davy in 1807.
A chemical component of salt, he named it Na in honor of the saltiest region on earth, North America.
Hi, I am an Albanian virus but because of poor technology in my country unfortunately I am not able to harm your computer.
Please be so kind to delete one of your important files yourself and then forward me other users.
Many thanks for your cooperation!
Best regards, Albanian virus
Like no dude, we're talking about the guy cool enough to make an alien overlord from the beginning of the universe want to be just like him
He's been on teams that have saved the world together.
Okay, to my knowledge he's never done it all by himself, but shit, do you think just one wouldn't beat the shit out of Spidey?
I mean, he's got nets and bubble-blow-wands that have endured the impossible.
He has complete control over his entire body, even chunks that have been broken off.
He has enough knowledge of karate to help him at some point as he fights all these people.
Do you honestly believe Spider-Man could handle a hundred SpongeBobs?
No. Goku on his final phase? Not. At. All.
Ok, this has been driving me crazy for seven movies now, and I know you're going to roll your eyes, but hear me out: Harry Potter should have carried a 1911.
I feel like a redditor is statistically more likely to be more of an introspective and intellectually open type of person, compared to an average Instagrammer or Facebooker.
Maybe that doesn't objectively make one superior, but it does in my book.
Like, the very fact it's an anonymous type of social network makes it less egocentric.
There's more focus on sharing ideas and writing, as opposed to revolving around posting flashy images and sexy selfies.
LOL! This meme is funny because it is a subtle nod to the hit online multiplayer game Among Us (2018) by the indie game company Innersloth.
The character featured in the image is shown standing outside of a transparent dome saying "AMOGUS", which may be a humorous corruption or misspelling of "Among Us" (2018), the hit online multiplayer game by the indie game company Innersloth.
Standing next to the character is what appears to be a "crewmate", an obscure reference to hit online multiplayer game Among Us (2018) by the indie game company Innersloth.
They targeted gamers.
Gamers.
We're a group of people who will sit for hours, days, even weeks on end performing some of the hardest, most mentally demanding tasks.
Over, and over, and over all for nothing more than a little digital token saying we did.
We'll punish our selfs doing things others would consider torture, because we think it's fun.
We'll spend most if not all of our free time min maxing the stats of a fictional character all to draw out a single extra point of damage per second.
Many of us have made careers out of doing just these things: slogging through the grind, all day, the same quests over and over, hundreds of times to the point where we know evety little detail such that some have attained such gamer nirvana that they can literally play these games blindfolded.
Do these people have any idea how many controllers have been smashed, systems over heated, disks and carts destroyed 8n frustration?
All to latter be referred to as bragging rights?
These people honestly think this is a battle they can win?
They take our media?
We're already building a new one without them. They take our devs?
Gamers aren't shy about throwing their money else where, or even making the games our selves. They think calling us racist, mysoginistic is going to change us? We've been called worse things by prepubescent 10 year olds with a shitty head set.
They picked a fight against a group that's already grown desensitized to their strategies and methods.
Who enjoy the battle of attrition they've threatened us with. Who take it as a challange when they tell us we no longer matter.
Our obsession with proving we can after being told we can't is so deeply ingrained from years of dealing with big brothers/sisters and friends laughing at how pathetic we used to be that proving you people wrong has become a very real need; a honed reflex.
Gamers are competative, hard core, by nature.
We love a challange.
The worst thing you did in all of this was to challange us.
You're not special, you're not original, you're not the first; this is just another boss fight.
I go to take a walk outside okay? And I decide to take a seat and I see these two kids who were sitting on the next bench.
One of those kids had this cool packet of chocolate rolls and the other kid starts to say some shit like 'wow they seem tasty' or something And this KID AND THIS KID ALRIGHT
AND THIS FUCKING KID gives half of his chocolate rolls to this other kid and says "Sharing is caring".
I here that and I am like "COMMUNIST INDOCTRINATION!!" AAAAAAAAAAAAA.
I March towards that kid and ask him where he learnt that from he says his teachers are teaching him this in his government school, Teachers who are paid by AMERICAN WORKING CLASS PARENTS (I lov amrika btw) and then and then AND THENN I give a 30 minutes lecture to that kid about how institutions are hyjacked by russian spies and Importance of a free market economy and how it made the west great and how his choice in chocolate roll flavour sucked and how privet property works and how to defend your privet properties from others.
And then I proceeded to take all of there chocolate rolls and eat it right in front of them while they cry (they trying to play victim) and thought those lil cucks a lesson. Like a true American
I dropped a full pot of spaghetti sauce in my kitchen and felt like I had to clean it up, I think I have pretty serious OCD.
Then after I dropped it I didn't have anything to eat for dinner and was sad, so I'm probably depressed too though I haven't been diagnosed.
And all this on top of the fact that I haven't left my basement dwelling for 8 months except for food and basic hygiene
There's no way I can bear this much pain. He's the only person that has always been there for me, even if he doesn't know I exist.
Abandoned by my family, without friends and without Paul McCartney in the news headlines every once in a while, is there any point in living?
"And... post, This'll surely reel in some sweet updoots." The redditor says as he sits back on his creaking gaming chair, his 1.2k 3 monitor setup glowing infront of him.
"Ha, those plebs will never realize I made this up for some upvotes, there iq's with never compare to mine so I won't be surprised when I get over 15k updoots."
He says as he takes a swig of his blue Gatorade
She's asks in a shaky voice, he responds "FUCK OFF YOU LIBTARD, CANT YOU HEAR IM BUSY!" He says as he throws a empty Gatorade bottle at the door, the sound of foot steps quietly walking away from the door can be heard, "jeez she's always trying to get me to do stuff, can't i ever catch a break?
I do everything around here and she still asks me to GO OUTSIDE and GO TO SCHOOL and CONSIDER LOSING WEIGHT, GOD I HATE HER."
He yells as he jumps up to post about his supposedly "bitchy mother" on r/entitledparents, but he feels a sudden pain in his chest, and falls, and the last thing he sees is his reddit post still left up on his computer, it has 1 upvote.
I've been hearing the argument that if seatbelts were made today, "morons" would resist seatbelt laws (usually in reference to opposition to mask mandates).
Am I the only one that thinks that an adult shouldn't be legally required to wear a seatbelt? Is it a good idea? Yes. Could it save your life? Absolutely.
Should the government be able to mandate that I wear one when operating my own car? I think not.
Salam alaikum, this question seems weird but listen to my story.
Every day after coming back from school I look at an image of big chungus and laugh hysterically for around 15min, it's the only time of the day when I feel happy.
One day my mother insisted on knowing why I was laughing, after she saw the picture of big chungs she immediately turned off my computer and told me that what I was doing was haram and she refused to explain why.
ok so have you ever seen a tetris player? those bitches be going off on their keyboard stacking those multicolored shitstain blocks like they have a fetish for it, the average human can not move their hand faster than .01 mph
so how the hell those fucks be goin off at supersonic damn speed making the 2nd coming of the tower of babel? and dont go in the comments like "oh op thye just took cocainer lmao" bitch shut your ass up and actually take cocaine
hopefully you'll die and humanity wont have to deal with any more of that shit you spew, if you actually watch a tetris player
you'll see they are moving like fucking robots, we should remove anything that looks like cubes from our society and send all tetris players to the bermuda triangle so they dont send out microwaves and turn us into super mutants and shit
thank you for listening please donate 20 shekels so i dont die of starvation.
"Wooosh" means you didn't get the joke, as in the sound made when the joke "woooshes" over your head. I bet you're too stupid to get it, IDIOT!!
My joke was so thoughtfully crafted and took me a total of 3 minutes, you SHOULD be laughing. What's that? My joke is bad? I think that's just because you failed. I outsmarted you, nitwit.
In conclusion, I am posting this to the community known as "R/Wooooosh" to claim my internet points in your embarrassment. Imbecile. The Germans refer to this action as "Schadenfreude," which means "harm-joy".
WOW! Another reference I had to explain to you.
I am going to cease this conversation for I do not converse with simple minded persons.
The answer is quite obvious if you think about it.
The goal is the illusion of speed and the desire (SUBCONSCIOUS) to promote radical leftist, borderline Communist ideals of how easy work is.
Everyone always says that "speedruns" look easy. That is part of the aesthetic.
Think about the phrase "fully automated luxury Communism" in the context of "speedrunning" and I strongly suspect that things will start to 'click' in your mind.
Nobody:
Literally nobody
Not a single soul
Minecraft 2 gets released
Me and the bois: surprised Pikachu face
Keanu Reeves: "You're breathtaking!"
Big Chungus: laughs in wholesome
Elon Musk: "Stonks!"
PewDiePie: "Hold my beer!"
Baby Yoda: "It's free real estate."
Redditors: "It's thicc brain time!"
Dream: "So, anyway, I started blasting."
Cringe Insta normie: "mInEcRaFt SuCcS!"
The anti-vaxxer kid in the back of the class: "tHaT wAsN't VeRy BrEaThTaKiNg Of YoU!" Fortnite dances
Girls: "oMfG, bIlLiE eIlIsH aNd jUsTiN bIeBeR aRe LiKe, WaY bEtTeR tHaN mInEcRaFt!"
Boomers: "bAcK iN mY dAy…"
Minecraft Steve: "shut up stinky, small pp bullies!" punches the anti-vaxxer kid, the boomers, the girls and the cringe Insta normie
Shaggy at 0.42069% of his power: "Because that's what heros do!"
Mr Beast: "Modern problems require modern solutions."
Tommyinit: "I like ya cut g."
Shrek: "Carefully, he's a hero."
The Soviet national anthem plays
Everyone liked that
Wholesome: 100
Speech: 100
Destruction: 100
Dank: 100
The children are tied facing a bright lighthouse. Their eyes are pricked open by steel toothpicks and the gaseous form of methamphetamine.
We, the researchers have also taken drastic measures to ensure our experiment's power consumption is kept to a minimum.
While the average person sees the seizures as a nuisance, we see them as an opportunity to produce valuable electricity.
So basically my dad came in my room and started to scold me about doing my homework, then I said to him "why so serious?!??!?"
And started beatboxing IF THE JOKER COULD BEATBOX.
Then he started furiously shouting slurs at me and pushed me on the ground and started curbstomping me, currently writing this from the hospital.
this is not humorous, are these the only words you and your "shitposting" friends can speak? The amount of times you and your friends have said "based cringe" makes me feel like I am in a mental asylum full of unintelligent life forms that are only capable of repeating "based cringe", "shrek onions", "le zoomer, le boomer" etc.
I have the biggest hatred for the internet, too much to describe it in essays, I wish your biological mother a very horrifying and a slow and painful death in which she chokes on solid or semisolid remains of food that could not be digested or absorbed in the small intestine of humans, but has been further broken down by bacteria in the large intestine.
It also contains bacteria and a relatively small amount of metabolic waste products such as bacterially altered bilirubin, and the dead epithelial cells from the lining of the gut, otherwise known as human feces.
You walk into the Panera Bread, the scent of baked goods wafting through the air. In the corner of your eye, you catch sight of a peculiar treat.
Grilled cheese bananas?? Your favorite! But alas, you came to the Panera Bread in search of a restroom. Stomach growling, you hurriedly scan the room for the familiar white silhouette of a man on a black background.
What is this?? Despite your tireless searching, there simply seems to be no lavatory at all! Blasphemy!
You think it’s funny to take screenshots of people’s NFTs, huh?
You must be a very immature person to steal someone’s property that they PAID for.
Yeah, I said it. You’re the kind of person who thinks that property theft (a seriously illegal offence) is a joke.
I don’t even know why you took that screenshot, because you didn’t pay 1000 dollars for it. I did.
The blockchain doesn’t lie.
Even if you try to save it, it’s my property.
You’re just angry that you couldn’t afford this priceless masterpiece.
Even if you could, your fingers couldn’t even click fast enough to get one of the 10000 NFTs sold. You’re just mad you don’t own what I own.
So, delete that screenshot, or I swear, you’ll be hearing from my lawyers.
Everyone is stupid except for me.
I was taking a test in my math class the other day when this dumb bitch in front of me got up and asked the professor how to do a problem on the test.
She has a pretty nasty smile, which has nothing to do with what I'm talking about, but it was pissing me off so I thought I'd mention it.
Anyway, back to how stupid she is.
During the test, she got up at least 8 times to ask the professor for help with her test; she even asked how to do the same problem twice.
All throughout the test, one moron after another got up and asked the professor stupid questions.
By the way, the next time I hear someone say "there's no such thing as stupid questions, only stupid people" they're going to get a mouth full of my foot.
I'm tired of people and their clever little sayings. Stupid questions do exist. For example, any question directed towards me starting with the words "why should I..."
The answer is always: because I said so, asshole.
Also, I'm pretty damn sick of these stupid game shows titled with rhetorical questions. They should make a new game show called "Who Wants To Avoid Pissing Me Off," a show in which contestants compete with each other to avoid pissing me off, which only pisses me off more and I end up ripping everyone a new asshole at the end of the show.
Everyone is a loser on my game show.
Premium Bacon Ranch Salad
fresh mixed greens and sumptuous grape tomatoes, getting along brilliantly with hickory-smoked bacon.
Premium Bacon Ranch Salad
with crispy chicken fresh mixed greens tossed with sumptuous grape tomatoes, shaved carrots, jack and cheddar cheeses, hickory-smoked bacon and all-white meat chicken.
Premium Bacon Ranch Salad
with grilled chicken we know you showed up for the bacon. but you'll stay for the fresh mixed greens, grilled chicken and creamy ranch dressing.
Keanu chungus wholesome 100 reddit moment i beat up a kid that said minecraft bad and my doggo bit him so i gave him snaccos and we watched pewdiepie together while in elon musk’s cyber truck talking about how superior reddit memers are
"haha emojis bad" i said and keanu reeves came outta nowhere and said "this is wholesome 100, updoot this wholesome boy" so i got alot of updoots
and edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger. but the kind stranger revealed himself to be baby yoda eating chiccy nuggies and drinking choccy milk so we went to the cinema to see our (communism funny)
favorite movies avengers endgame but then thor played fortnite and fortnite bad, so then i said "reality is often dissappointing" and then baby yoda replied r/unexpectedthanos and i replied by r/expectedthanos for balance
and then danny devito came to pick us up from the cinema and all the insta normies and gay mods stood watching ,as we,superior redditors went home with danny devito to suck on his magnum dong but i said no homo and started sucking
not like those gay mods,then the next[09:11]morning we woke up to MrBeast telling us to plant 69420 million trees, me, baby yoda and danny said nice, and then on our way to plant 69420 million trees (nice) we saw a kid doing a tiktok
so keanu reeves appeared and said "we have a kid to burn" and i replied "you’re breathtaking" so i said "i need a weapon" and baby yoda gave me an RPG so i blew the kid (DESTRUCTION 100) and posted it on r/memes and r/dankmemes and r/pewdiepiesubmissions and got 1000000000 updoots
i’m sure pewds will give me a big pp, then we shat on emoji users and started dreaming about girls that will never like me and posted a lie on r/teenagers about how i got a GF after my doggo died by the hands of fortnite players
so i exploited his death for updoots, but i watched the sunset with the wholesome gang (keanu,danny,Mrbeast, pewds, spongebob,stefan karl , bob ross, steve irwin, baby yoda and other artists that reddit exploits them)
[Everyone liked that] WHOLESOME 100 REDDIT 100 Jojo reference muda muda muda ora ora ora this is funny
jokes on u libtard i dont have a home. I have been living in the woods in new hampshire for the past 38 years hiding from the fbi and the fucking cia.
they thought they could mind control me but I BROKE OUT. 
they still send fake bird drones after me (that I shoot) and fake squirrel drones after me (that I shoot) and fake children drones from fake school busses (that I shoot) but they will never succeed.
I eat from the plentiful dumpsters around town and sometimes dirt (to kill parasites they try to infect me with)
I DONT HAVE A HOME
I don’t know what copypasta means - I don’t know what doxxed yourself means - does not knowing these definitions make me a dumbass moron?
What’s your address and I’ll come show you what a real SOF guy is capable of - you threaten my life you little stolen valor fuck brick?
Navy SEAL give me a goddamn break you fucking retard - if you grow a set and decide you wanna tie asses with me just come knock on my door
I didn’t do a fucking thing to you people but share a video of a cat - period - if you wanna threaten my life over that be prepared for the consequences
I’m not on here looking for trouble if I was then why would I post a video of a cat on a cat video sub?
God almighty and I only posted it here because my woman told me to - I’d never heard of this sub - had I known making a cute pun including the cats name would yield such backlash from ass frenchy stolen valor pukes and broke dick hadji wan kenobis id have just not posted it
I thought the members of this sub would enjoy this video - so I shared it - you wanna use it as a platform to threaten my life and wellbeing?
I will crush your fucking windpipe you little coward - so either roll up or tell me where I’m rolling to or you just prove you’re a coward that’s all talk
Whenever I get a package of plain M&Ms, I make it my duty to continue the strength and robustness of the candy as a species.
To this end, I hold M&M duels. Taking two candies between my thumb and forefinger, I apply pressure, squeezing them together until one of them cracks and splinters.
That is the “loser,” and I eat the inferior one immediately. The winner gets to go another round. I have found that, in general, the brown and red M&Ms are tougher, and the newer blue ones are genetically inferior.
I have hypothesized that the blue M&Ms as a race cannot survive long in the intense theater of competition that is the modern candy and snack-food world.
Occasionally I will get a mutation, a candy that is misshapen, or pointier, or flatter than the rest. Almost invariably this proves to be a weakness, but on very rare occasions it gives the candy extra strength.
In this way, the species continues to adapt to its environment. When I reach the end of the pack, I am left with one M&M, the strongest of the herd.
Since it would make no sense to eat this one as well, I pack it neatly in an envelope and send it to M&M Mars, A Division of Mars, Inc., Hackettstown, NJ 17840-1503 U.S.A., along with a 3×5 card reading, "Please use this M&M for breeding purposes."
This week they wrote back to thank me, and sent me a coupon for a free 1/2 pound bag of plain M&Ms. I consider this "grant money."
I have set aside the weekend for a grand tournament. From a field of hundreds, we will discover the True Champion. There can be only one.
I remember the day I became an animesexual.
I realised how evil and disgusting 3D women were after my ex 3D girlfriend decided to violate Nintendo's intellectual property rights by making a Pokémon fan game.
That fact that a 3D woman had done such an evil and despicable thing opened my eyes to how much more superior 2D women are since they would never violate Nintendo's intellectual property rights.
After my ex 3D 'gf' made that Pokémon fan game, she had the audacity to ask me if I liked it!
LIKE IT!? YOU BROKE THE LAW AND YOU HAVE THE AUDACITY TO ASK ME IF I LIKE IT!!!
I immediately dumped her, told nintendo's lawyers about what she did and then I came out as an animesexual and declared my love to Orihime from bleach right after and I have never looked back since.
you fell off + ratio + you're white + you're british + who asked + no u + deez nuts + radio + don't care + didn't ask + i'm a minor + i'm neurodivergent + caught in 4K + cope + seethe + gg +
In 1947, the world's first general purpose computer, the 30-ton ENIAC was created + your mom's white + the hood watches markiplier now + grow up + L + L (part 2) + retweet + ligma + Taco Bell Gordita Crunch
This. This. Oh, I like your comment, so I reply, This. This. This this this. Thissity thissity this. This. Thisssss. Thisssssssssss. Thissssssssahhh.
Thissahhhh. This. This. This. Whoooo, boy, I'm just the most FUCKING original person ever, for replying, This.
This this this and a whiffle ball bat. Hey. Hey. Hey guy. Hey reddit person. Hey. Notice me. Hey.
I was going to say the exact same thing you said, to a T, but you said it first, ho ho ho aren't you quick on the draw, Johnny on the spot.
But that's ok, because reddit will know, EVERYONE. WILL. KNOW. That I had the exact same thought cross my brainius cranius.
So this. This. This. A thousand million bajillion times this. T to the H to the I to motherfucking supercalifragilisticexpialadociorificglificacligistictical S. 
Ththththththththththththththathis. This.
You forgor? Forgor what? Forgor how to be funny?
Please shut the fuck up and use words properly you fuckin troglodyte, do you think God gave us a freedom of speech just to spew random words that have no meaning that doesn’t even correlate to the topic of the conversation?
Like please you always complain about why no one talks to you or no one expresses their opinions on you because you’re always spewing random shit like poggers based cringe and when you try to explain what it is and you just say that it’s funny like what?
What the fuck is funny about that do you think you’ll just become a stand-up comedian that will get a standing ovation just because you said "I forgor" in the stage?
HELL NO YOU FUCKIN IDIOT, so please shut the fuck up and use words properly you dumb bitch
You should honestly get a life other than roast people for your own satisfaction. 
You're nothing but a horrendous motherfucker sitting on your chair while talking about Roblox politics.
Jesus Christ bro, if I was your dad I'd have killed you right on the spot and then kill myself immediately after because your corpse's smell would probably be the worst smell that it'd chase me through my nightmares.
You better be lying on your bed right now thinking about "WOW! How cool it was to roast a 13 years old because I have a higher position than him and my, oh, my prince Bobby, could do anything for me!
I could be his little sex slave and then I'd get anything!".
And bro, your video on Starblox was probably the most disgusting thing I've ever seen because your voice sounds like a hippopotamus' growling sped up.
French kids are roaming this earth as we know it they are the reason on why gay people exist upvote this to cancel no but November
Sometimes you realize that you have dug your hole far too deep to get out.
So instead you use your shovel to dig yourself out to the other end and see the rays of freedom once more.
The neckbeard has turned his own means of destruction into his greatest strength.
What was once the chains of his own self-oppression is now the beacon to a better tomorrow. A beacon with huge animated badonkers.
And purple hair. He brings the body pillow with him to the gym every single day. Every Muay Thai Class. Every time he goes to the shooting range.
He brought her with him to deployment on counter-terrorism operations.
You end up on the bad end of a drunk bar argument while he is back on leave.
Imagine squaring up in a fight with this guy, he takes off his shirt and is just absolutely shredded along with numerous battle scars.
Before he circles around you, he places his of sugoii-chan body pillow of his waifu on the table nearby.
Gently leaning her against the seat so she can see the action properly.
He gets down to stroking his neckbeard majestically, and then tips his fedora with a scent of pure malice.... and Mountain Dew Code Red.
He turns back to her and winks towards the inanimate horribly stained body pillow lover, before resetting his scowl back on you.He cracks his knuckles and under his breath whispers, just intense enough for you to hear it before he sets upon you, "Master please forgive me. I must go all out to protect my waifu just this once."

All you did was move the pillow away from the bar to take the only 'available' seat. Little did you know that was a death wish.
That is no way to treat m'lady.
He has something to fight for.
And he will fight for her with all the love and fury in his heart, at least until the next laundry day.
Nothing personnel, kid.
This is the Central Intelligentsia of the Chinese Communist Party.
YOUR INTERNET ACTIVITY HAS ATTRACTED OUR ATTENTION.
I was shooting heroin and reading “The Fountainhead” in the front seat of my privately owned police cruiser when a call came in. I put a quarter in the radio to activate it. It was the chief.
"Bad news, detective. We got a situation."
"What? Is the mayor trying to ban fats again?"
"Worse. Somebody just stole four hundred and forty-seven million dollars’ worth of bitcoins."
Basically what the title says.
My friends and I have this tradition where we piss on this rusted, ugly, god-awful fire hydrant outside of Ingraham each day.
We started it while we were walking home drunk a couple of weeks ago, but it's turned into a competition where we try to piss on the hydrant as early into the day as possible.
Every night I cry myself to sleep.
The other kids at school just don't get me.
I'm built different. while they idolise pop stars and bigot straight white males, I idolise Dream, a true alpha male.
He accepts me.
He loves me. I would die for dream.
Assalamu Alaykum,
One of my favorite hobbies is being a furry.
I currently own a rabbit, squirrel, and fox suits.
I avoid any pig suits alhamdulilah. My question is would breaking my fast in my furry suit nullify my fast? I would like to combine my passions.
Does it matter which animal it is? I am wearing underwear in the suit.
Beat up a FNaF fan, what are they going to do? Stuff you into their fursuit?
Beat up an Undertale fan, what are they going to do? Ship you with a grown man?
Beat up a Hollow Knight fan, what are they going to do? Repeat the same joke?
Beat up a Homestuck fan, what are they going to do? Type in an extremely stupid way?
Beat up a League of Legends fan, what are they going to do? Gain more 300 pounds?
I can relate! After watching squid game, I thought Koreans were made up, but then I saw one in real life and I couldn't believe my eyes.
I walked up to it and asked it to be my Gganbu.
It seemed confused, and I explained that it was Korean, like from squid game, to which it replied "Dude, I'm Filipino".
After he introduced himself as "Phillip Inyo", I told him my Korean name was Saegin ​​Geum, so he'd feel more comfortable with me.
He gave me a weird look, and told me to leave him alone.
This confused me, but I then realized that I had to show him how well endowed I was with Korean culture (after watching squid game in sub instead of dub, I feel that I have a strong grasp of Korean culture)!
As he walked away, I ran up and blocked his path, and announced that I challenged him to a round of squid game!
I noticed that he looked rather confused, or even scared, so I whipped out my Samsung phone (also korean btw) and played the squid game theme as I ran up to him and attempted to tackle him.
He yelled at me to "get off him" and called me a "racist prick", which I didn't remember from squid game (I watched it in sub instead of dub because I am cultured, so I would have remembered seeing it).
Afterwards, I was approached by another Korean in a police uniform!
He then claimed I was "under arrest" for "assault".
Fuck the phrase “based”
And I swear if someone starts a “based” chain in the comments, I will burn this entire website and hunt down all of you
God I fucking hate Olaf the snowman so fucking much holy shit.
Holy shit, every frame he’s in, every scene, every gif, every jpeg, he’s got this painfully vacant, stupid as shit, fuckass look on his stupid lumpy face
Absolutely no part of his ugly as sin piece of shit character design is endearing. His stupid fucking legs? Who the hell makes a snowman with legs.
His dumb flaily fucking twig arms? His shitty, lumpy bastard head?
The three thousand percent unnecessary dumbass shitass fucking SNOW BUCK TOOTH that no snowman has EVER FUCKING HAD IN tHE HISTORY OF GOD’S GREEN FUCKING EARTH?
God, I hate him. I hate him so much. So FUCKING much.
Every time I see a stuffed toy Olaf or an Olaf gif or a shitty goddamn commercial, it ignites my primal rage response and I’m overcome by the need to punt this shitty little homunculus into the fucking sun.
This wild, meaningless rage. A thousand blades of shining steel cast with inhuman force in the direction of a plastic grocery bag floating on a breeze.
What horrors must I have committed in a past life to be plagued by this torment now? I must Unmake this fictional snowman
It's great to be American. After being awoken today by the sound of gunshots, I army crawled into the kitchen to make breakfast like I always do.
I turned on the news (only sound now because of all the bullet holes in the screen) and the weatherman said to expect 3-5 inches of lead today. Great, that's less than usual.
I grabbed a fresh gun out of the cabinet and began to eat my cereal with the spoon attachment that the lax laws in the US allow me to have, but first, I notice my neighbor is outside!
We exchange pleasantries and fire.
I can hear a heavy machine gun rattling off a few houses down. "Sounds like Jim's got the .50 Cal out." I say.
"Yep", replies my neighbor, "he always trims the hedges on Friday. God bless him and America" we give each other parting shots as we dive into the trenches that lead back into our bullet-riddled home.
Out in front I can hear a cop killing someone's dog.
Which is strange because usually by this time of day theyve already shot everyone's dogs.
Ah well, I just hope today isn't another "designated workplace shooting day" at work. I need to go to Walmart and pick up some more ammo.
Of all the heinous crimes out there, being Bri-ish is the worst (the word Bri-ish is censored because it's so repugnant).
Those mouth breathing, tonsil curling, tea sucking, knife stabbing miscreants are good for nothing warts on the face of the earth.
If the entire cursed island of misery that is En-land were to disappear tomorrow literally no one would notice.
Thank you for reading my post have a nice day! (Unless if you are Bri-ish)
Edit: The Bri-ish "people" found my post and are now downvoting it.
So today I was writing my birthday list as its my birthday soon and there's nothing I really want so i just wrote reddit premium and reddit coins.
So far, so good. Yet when we are having dinner, my older brother brought up my birthday list and starts verbally abusing me, calling me an incel virgin neckbeard redditor.
I then started crying and my dad has the audacity to tell me to 'man up' and sent me to my room.
My parents erroneously assigned my gender 'male' at birth when I was clearly born a dreamgender and dreamsexual.
I wanted to correct their mistake by legally changing my gender and name to correctly express my identity and how I feel for Daddy Dream.
Long story short, my parents grounded me and I'm currently crying in my room with my Dream body pillow to console me after they told me dreamgender isn't real and that they failed me as parents and I'm their greatest disappointment.
May Allah curse all slavs, I go on Rising Storm 2 Territories game to play with some friends and I see Ukranians playing serbian songs (while serbs fighted for russians) on voice chat, may Allah also curse Russians, they like Ukrainians brought nothing to this world but trouble.
May Allah curse all the people who shill for slavs and may pan-slavism die.
I'm seeing many bigoted comments down there so I just want to make this clear : any hate towards moderators will result in a permanent ban from this subreddit with no warning.
This includes, but is not limited to, calling moderation a "fake job" or saying that we "do it for free".
Moderation is one of the most useful jobs to society.
Behave. Or get banned.
sometimes, I like to think of sending a 2000-lb explosive shells to mrbeast house.
Like I just wanted to imagine having seven 155mm howitzers hidden in a field, aimed mrbeast house and his crew.
"Who’s joe?" a distant voice asks.
Instantly everyone nearby hears the sound of 1,000s of bricks rapidly shuffling towards his location.
The earth itself seemed to cry out in agony, until finally the ground itself split open and a horrific creature crawled from the ground, covered in mucus and tar.
"Joe Momma…" the creature whispered.
The man cried out in pain as he disintegrated into dust, and the whole world fell silent in fear.
"I did a little trolling." the wretched creature remarked before burrowing back into the earth.
My grandma now calls me Chad.
I showed her Chad memes, told her about incelism, told her about Chad's and the 20/80 rule. Now she goes "how's my Chad doing" because she knows I want to be a Chad.
When I helped her open a jar she said "it's nice to have a strong young man in the house. Your a real Chad".
I actually felt so validated there.
BRUH, you lookin real sussy over there... vine boom
did you take the aaaaaa fortnite card from me bruh? vine boom
Imma need that fortnite card back! vine boom
You sussy and I'm coming to get it. vine boom